[MUSIC]
Hello, welcome to the specialization
Business English for Non-Native Speakers.
We're all very excited here at
the Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology to be working with
you over the next few months.
Together we will learn a method for
developing your English language and
communication skills for
the workplace, doing business,
cross cultural understanding,
and business-case-study analysis.
So what does this specialization involve?
What will you learn?
Well, it includes four courses and
one capstone project.
The four courses are separated
into different subject areas,
starting with basic business literacy
skills, followed by business writing,
business speaking, and
finally cross-cultural communication.
You will then have a chance to apply
everything that you learn of our
four courses through the capstone project.
And help you on your journey
throughout the specialization
you'll get a advice from our universities
top communication experts and
various guest who have extensive knowledge
and experience in the corporate world.
Each course will be
structured in a similar way,
with each containing six
modules to work through.
Every module and every course will
provide you with the necessary skills
to proceed throughout this specialization.
Every module is separated into two
specific sections content and language.
In the content sections you should
expect to learn about basic business
communication skills,
whether it's for writing or
speaking in real world
business situations.
The language sections will help
you learn basic vocabulary, and
improve your grammar, pronunciation,
and other language skills.
Okay, got that?
Now you'll be able to learn and practice
your language skills in various ways.
We will deliver content to you either
through instructor led lectures or
animated movies like this one.
You'll then have a chance to practice
what you learned either through quizzes,
discussion form activities,
or peer assessed tasks.
The peer assess tasks are excellent
way to practice your English skills,
because this is where you'll have a chance
to produce written or spoken work.
Great, now that you have a basic idea of
what to expect in this specialization.
Watch the next video to learn
more about the first course,
English for business literacy.
[MUSIC]